hey guys
we went to Rosemary Beach Florida which
my family's been going to for a really
long time but I feel like it's only this
time that I actually appreciate it just
how nice it is we've made it I mean
let's go in shall we shall we the kids
are getting so old and it's so fun to be
around them
we just got down to rosemary about a
couple hours ago
it's fourth of July night we're going to
get this one a glow stick Taylor and I
were just walking around thinking about
how lucky we were to be there for the
for all the fireworks for going up I was
just thinking this is so amazing to be
here with my family to be in such an
amazing place
our first day was not great the rain did
catch up with us but we made in the snow
we all went had done it switch I feel
like fixes just about anything but we
were lucky things ended up clearing up
the water in Rosemary Beach Florida is
it's like being in the Caribbean you
can't even believe it when you're there
every minute was filled with so much joy
just to like not have to think about
anything and to just literally the only
thoughts we were having was whether or
not the waves were going to like knocks
overnight morning rosemary yes you are
cloudy again today so far Taylor and I
are on a mission to find some pool
floats get this puffy little hair tie
thing that I want and perhaps have some
breakfast the town itself is just
amazing the food's incredibly we love
picking ups this like chicken salad from
this little local place fare and it's so
fun cuz at night you come in you're nice
and tan and then you go out you get
dressed up and you can just have a
little wonder around the town they
always have something going on some sort
of like festival for the kids and people
are just out riding their bikes it's
just like a really family-oriented place
but it also just feels like you're in
another country or something
my niece and I were just basically
obsessed with getting clothes and just
like holding on to each other and
floating around and trying not to have
the fish eat our feet and I may or may
not have tried to pull a few little like
mermaid swims in here
if this amazing place called the Sugar
Shack and the Sugar Shack is basically
every parent's nightmare and every
children's heaven they have got candy
from ceiling to floor and everywhere in
between and if you were on a diet this
was just like my worst nightmare oh oh
but you know what I think when you're at
the beach everyone is a kid
also one of our favorite restaurants
there is called the crema and it's this
like gorgeous restaurant that looks like
here in the middle of Greece and it's
just open they're saving beautiful white
furnishings and they have this amazing
chocolate fondue which it's just like
the most decadent treat ever and all the
girls in my family and my little nephew
went to celebrate my sister-in-law's
birthday and we basically courted
ourselves on extreme amount of chocolate
but do I regret it no sometimes it's
really hard to want to take a step away
from work or take a step away from like
my goals or whatever going and being
with my family
reminded me just how important it is for
me to spend time with the kids like
they're growing up so fast and nothing
goes above spending time with family and
the older I get the more I realize how
important that is and yeah so I'm just
so thankful for this trip I hope you
guys enjoyed watching it and I'll see
you back here next time lucky